Very preliminary Roadmap ( spelling and punctuation will be improved)



We have strong team with confirmed skills.
Everyone is altcoin developer with own coin, so we have many skill in those tasks and will undoubtedly cope with the plan.


2 BTC We will create coin tracking service, like coinmarketcap.com or coinwarz, with sorting by algo and will include new coins much faster there.

4 BTC - We will setup free hosting for altcoin developers who want it.
Hosting will be able for other peoples too, for payment with Hubcoins.
We will also provide additional services, like website creation or DDOS defense for Hubcoins.

6 BTC -  We will create explorer for coins, who do not have their own and needs it.
Coin creators would be able to add their coins to our services for free.     
Premium features and urgently coin adding will be avaliable for Hubcoin payment.


8 BTC -  We will create pool for coins, who do not have their own and needs it.
Coin creators would be able to add their coins to our services for free.     
Premium features and urgently coin adding will be avaliable for Hubcoin payment too.


12 BTC -  We will create node maintenance services
First 3 altcoin developers will get it for free / or  First month will be free.
Then would be avialible for a little Hubcoin payment.


20 BTC - We will create desktop + webwallets service, for coins which is need it.
It will be free for altcoin development.
Premium features will be avaliable for Hubcoin payment too.

30 BTC We will create android  wallet creation service, for coins which is need it.
It will be free for altcoin development.
Premium features will be avaliable for Hubcoin payment too.



50 BTC we will start our own creation coin service.
It would be free, but all created coins will be with 10% premine, which will be distributed between Hubcoin owners.
As premine isnt going to single person, 10% is a form of distribution and this is ok.
We going to create strong service, that will support more algo and possibilities than others.
It will be also possible to create coin without any premine or with custom premine for Hubcoin payment.


100 BTC - We will begin promotional machine for coins which can be voted on and deserve more recognition. 
Press releases, social media, signature campaigns, advertisment, faceouts search for investors etc.
Sometimes many great coins are very sound technically but do not get noticed.
Hubcoin owners can vote by paying Hubcoin and choose coins for promotion.
We will take Hubcoins from winner votes, but will return others.
So Hubcoin owners would be first, who will know which coin we select for promotion and may invest, and may be get good profit.
We will choose coin for promotion every month.


200 btc - We will start reviving coins, with disappeared developers.
(repair stuck block chain, connection issues hardforks etc)
Creating websites, adding to our explorers and services, and a full work on the coin like it is our own.
Hubcoin owners can vote by paying Hubcoin and choose coin for reviving.
We will take Hubcoins from winner votes, but will return others.
So Hubcoin owners would be first, who will know which coin we select for promotion 
We will choose coin for revivng every 3 month.



300+ btc - We will create new coins, and distribute premine between Hubcoin owners.
We going to create coins with unique features and fresh ideas.
We must cope this, as everyone from our team is altcoin developer and have necessary eperiecne
We will create coin  every 6 month.